Lord Chen Ying
This is the person posing as the owner of the Phoenix store, His Royal Highness the War Emperor
Please check if it is true.
Are you kidding me?
He is the emperor
His Royal Highness the War Emperor broke the sky with a sword
Iron blood casts national defense
He is such a valiant Muse
In fact, a hand full of oil
A woman who can only grill
He's just pretending
This woman is full of lies
Even Longyan ate dragon seeds and helped him deceive us
Almost got us fooled
You bitch
How dare you impersonate the Tibetan Emperor?
Be reserved and bold
You are the Emperor
The Extreme Crisis with Xuan Nation
Help
Ride the battlefield
After not letting the man
Wuyi worship
How much respect do we deserve?
How many of us are idols
Someone dares to impersonate the Warlord
You dare to shred a corpse
Right hum
Shenyun even questioned the adults and said you were impersonating
What else do you have to say now?
He doesn't know him.
because
He is not qualified
Hahahaha
I'm not qualified.
I am His Royal Highness the War Emperor, lower right
Suzaku lord's direct disciple
Although I have never seen His Royal Highness the War Emperor himself
But he will never demote himself
Become a lowly ant like you
Really defiant
arrogant
When the vermilion bird comes, I will ask you carefully.
Do you usually educate your disciples like this?